MRG, MAINT: Support only 3.5+ (#7638)
mne-tools/mne-python: README.rst

    pip install -U mne

- MNE-Python 0.17 was the last release to support Python 2.7

> - MNE-Python 0.18 requires Python 3.5 or higher

Reviewer: Why not mention 0.18-0.20? It's not important though.

Author: We're only mentioning the points at which requirements change

**Note** that MNE-Python 0.17 was the last release to support Python 2.

> MNE-Python 0.18 only works under Python 3, and MNE-Python 0.19 requires
> Python 3.6 or higher.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MNE-Python 0.18 and later only work with Python 3. MNE-Python 0.21 requires
Python 3.6 or higher.
```
